Readme fixes (#4)
IBM/MAX-Question-Answering-Web-App: README.md

Use the `model/predict` endpoint to enter in text data and get answers from the model.

The [model samples folder](https://github.ibm.com/CODAIT/MAX-Question-Answering/tree/master/samples)

> contains a sample you can use to test out the API, or you can use your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains samples you can use to test out the API, or you can use your own.
```
